Well, my friends, I believe we're
finally here. I think twothirds of all
Google searches now end without a visit
to any other website. I'll show you why
I believe this. This is from the Datos
uh state of search report. This is the
Q3 version that just came out a couple
weeks ago. You probably saw me share it
before, but I want to point out that
this is desktop only. So, these are
desktop US Google searches. And you can
see that the uh percent that leave,
right, that go somewhere else is about
42.7%.
That's on desktop. But the folks over at
Pew ran a large scale study as well, and
they looked at mobile and desktop. And
you can see that the combination here of
people who leave Google to browse a
different site on a page with an AI
summary, it's 33%.
On a page without it's a whopping 34. Uh
sorry without it's 33. With it's 34. Not
much difference. That's inclusive of
desktop and mobile. I think based on uh
the trends in mobile and averaged with
the trends in desktop. Remember that
about twothirds of all Google searches
happen on a mobile device. Mobile of
course has a lower click-through rate
than desktop does. But this is this is
selling me on the idea that whereas you
know in 20 I believe it was 2017 or 18
we crossed 50% of all searches ending
without a click we are now at 2/3 66%.
The datos report if you haven't
downloaded it by the way has a ton of
fascinating data about what's happening
with search with social with AI tools
with e-commerce. I urge you to check it
out if you haven't already downloaded
this. Uh you can get it off of Datos's
website. I'll include the link in the
post. But yeah, fascinating to see for
example that since Deepseek's launch, we
have not seen anyone except Gemini and
ChatGpt break out in terms of growth in
AI tools as a segment. Most of the rest
of them have stayed flat or had very
tiny increases comparatively. I asked
the Datos folks actually to break these
out. You can see what that looks like.
There's Gemini and then the rest of
these
gosh it is just just not growing. So,
search zero-click world, AI, zero-click
world, social zeroclick world. It's it's
time, friends. I I think traffic has got
a it's coming to an end. That's that's
the reality.